you
so how do they do this well basically
the place where you see a block that
really should not be there Lee this
first one not the second one put this
third one fifth one seventh one ninth
one all of those are ghosts blocks so
these are just falling sand entities
with the time of zero so they d spawn as
soon as they appear and the slight
upwards velocity so that they don't just
immediately start falling they are a bit
glitchy but that's it's not too bad you
can live the fat so if they're falling
sand what's making them solid why can't
I just walk straight through it and what
can I walk on it well I'll show you I'll
just change the fonts and then the
texture to be glass so you can see
inside it and you will see I can flower
pots yeah so inside every falling sand
there is a flowerpot so you're not
actually walking on the falling sand of
course you're walking on the flowerpot
this is almost exactly like it was in
simply starts video that he did a while
ago but his required you to have a fence
post under here in the block 36 and then
also a flower pot while mine is just a
flower pot and then the ghost blocks now
also you wouldn't normally be able to
spawn a falling sand and a half
increment so like 1.5 blocks up but
there is a bug in the new snapshot where
if you use relative coordinates as I had
here
it will spawn it one half block let's
see one half block lower one half block
lower yeah one half block lower than it
should normally spawn so this is the
command summit false and entity and then
the relative coordinates just pawn it
over there and keep in mind that it's
going to be a half a lot lower the tile
ID so the texture you want to give it in
my case this would be a note block time
zero you don't want to drop any items
when it falls and then the motion is a
slight upwards velocity which you can
see right here 0.04 and these are these
all these command blocks are all
basically the same thing just with
different relative coordinates so this
first one is for that one that's kind of
halfway and sand next one's for third
note block next one is for the fifth
note block 79 and then this just a one
tick plot is giving out a pulse every
single day set block 0 negative 10 so
right below it minus one on the y-value
redstone block damage value of zero and
it's destroying it each time so this
outputs in the stream leak last post and
if I've used to smuggle in my past few
videos so you might recognize it anyway
there is one problem with this however
which is that you can't just walk
straight of it like stairs I can't just
you know run up the stairs if you've
seen simply socks video he can do that
with his design but that was in an
earlier version and you can't really do
any more I had tried it it just for some
reason it's it's broken like that so why
would you use this design
for that over simply Sark's design well
mine can be suspended in midair so you
don't need anything below it no nothing
nothing to cover nothing to hide and
also you can do this completely in game
so no MCEdit filters are quiet or
anything like that you just build this
clock which I did and then ghost blocks
and then for the floating for the
floating flower pots just use set block
make sure not to update them because if
you ever update them the game will
realize that there's a flower pot
floating in mid-air and so the flower
pot will go away so hope you enjoyed
this video if you did make sure to LIKE
rate and subscribe so see you next time
you